c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.xr.xml
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.exe
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.pdb
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.exe
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.pdb
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\talla_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\CommentsTab.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrderDetails.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrderListView.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\WorkOrderTabs.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.winmd
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.winmd
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Salesforce.Chatter.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Salesforce.Common.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Salesforce.Force.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\CommentsTab.g.i.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\CommentsTab.g.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderDetails.g.i.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderListView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderListView.g.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderTabs.g.i.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderTabs.g.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\CommentsTab.xaml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderDetails.xaml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderListView.xaml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderTabs.xaml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\CommentsTab.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderDetails.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderListView.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrderTabs.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\WorkOrdersApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\SplitPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\SplitPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\SplitPage1.xaml
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\obj\Debug\SplitPage1.xbf
C:\Users\talla_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WorkOrdersApp\WorkOrdersApp\bin\Debug\SplitPage1.xbf
